All right so crossing some is a fun multi-dimensional array type algorithm where we are passing in a
two dimensional matrix and we have a three Browder's first matrix then a column value and a row value.
And we want to do is find out what the sum of the Cross area is.
So in our case two plus two plus two plus two our value 1.
This is row 1 right.
So we're getting all those shoes and then B we get one plus three right.
One we skip two because I already had it.
Now we get the three value on the index three.
So we are having a two dimensional rate which we're essentially going up and across and we're getting
those values and them together.
The only hint I have for you or them can tell you to look at it maybe as like a graph is that I will
be using the reduce method must go and jump into it.
All right so the way that I solve this is once I understood that we're basically just trying to add
a row and column values became very very soon very simple.
The only other thing you have to kind of understand is how to omit a certain number.
So with the call of value we can actually just immediately reduce that to a single value and that's
what I did to create this contest year.
We're in a sick column column total to be equal to our matrix and then on the column we're passing in
a do want to reduce that to a single number.
We're just going to call this a and b and say return a plus b that will give us our call total.
And then we're going to create a total I wrote total here and this is going to be a lead because we're
going to iterate through our row and we're modifying we're initialized a desire here.
And then at the end what we want to happen is we want to call them told we want to set it equal to zero
total.
And that will give us our Told total My guess which is kind of a weird way of putting it but it will
give us our total as I'm trying to say.
So in our FOR loop here which we're now iterating through the matrix so we're going to iterate through
each row of the matrix and get the column value.
So we're in say let equal to zero.
I's less than the matrix got LN plus plus.
And here I just is a simple ternary to check if our current index value that we're checking was equal
to AA if it was we're going to just return zero there because we've already counted that number if not
we're just going to add the value.
So we just say rotatable plus equals to do a check with the returner if I's not equal to a sweet thing
go ahead and just return matrix.
I of be.
Because we're on the same column every time.
So I have B.
And then here we'll just go ahead and say if you are to turn 0 because that means we have that value
and we don't want to count it twice.
So really this is just the example of trying to be able to see if you can go through a chart in a x
and y plane using a nested matrix.